Wd 491 add optional inputs to serial ingress (#10)
weeve-modules/serial-ingress: README.md

***

## Description

> This module read data from serial of a host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module reads data input from a specified serial interface.
```

### Features
1. Open serial of a host machine 
2. Read received serial data

> 3. Progress received serial data in a data service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Forward received serial data
```

## Environment Variables

### Module Specific
The following module configurations can be provided in a data service designer section on weeve platform:

| Name                | Environment Variables | Type    | Description               |Mandathory/Option|
|---------------------|-----------------------|---------|---------------------------|-----------------|
| Serial Port         | PORT                  | string  | eg: /dev/ttyUSB0          |   Mandathory    |

> | Serial Baud_Rate    | BAUD_RATE             | integer | The data baud rate        |   Mandathory    |ws`                |

Reviewer: what does `ws` at the end of the line mean?

        "OUTPUT_UNIT": env("OUTPUT_UNIT", "Celsius"),
    }
 ``` 

### Business Logic

All the module logic can be written in the module package in image/src directory.
   * The files can me modified for the module
      1. `module/main.py`
         * The function `module_main` takes the output of the validation function as an argument.
         * There should be created a validation function specific for the input circumstances.
         * All the business logic about modules are written here.
         * Returns `[ data , error ]`
      2. `weeve/egress.py`
         * The function `send_data` takes the output of the main logic as an argument.
         * Responsible for sending the data to the next module
         * *It is not advisable to change it, but can be easily modified by altering the `send_data` function*
| Environment Variables | type   | Description                            |
|-----------------------| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
| EGRESS_URL            | string | HTTP ReST endpoint for the next module |
| MODULE_NAME           | string | Name of the module                     |

## Dependencies

* requests
* python-dotenv

> ## Output/Egress

Reviewer: this part should stay, but be adapted

> ```

Reviewer: I think this is unnecessary
